JS: docs for customizing library models with data extensions (#11615)
github/codeql: docs/codeql/codeql-language-guides/codeql-for-javascript.rst

   codeql-library-for-typescript
   analyzing-data-flow-in-javascript-and-typescript
   using-flow-labels-for-precise-data-flow-analysis

>    customizing-library-models-for-javascript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

   codeql-library-for-typescript
   analyzing-data-flow-in-javascript-and-typescript
   using-flow-labels-for-precise-data-flow-analysis

>    customizing-library-models-for-javascript

Reviewer: Can you confirm that even with this file no longer being linked to, the rst is still compiled?

Author: Actually the whole build fails now because Sphinx detects that the file is inaccessible.

How about just keeping the links public? I thought the beta notice at the top of the page would be good enough.

Reviewer: That's unfortunate. I don't understand how the sphinx build works, so not sure what's easy to do. If there's an easy way to do this, I'd still like to, but not worth spending any extra effort for this.

Reviewer: Asked about this on [#docs-content](https://github.slack.com/archives/C0E9DK082/p1678120302633849) and seems like our best option is to keep as-is with the beta notice.

-  :doc:`Using flow labels for precise data flow analysis <using-flow-labels-for-precise-data-flow-analysis>`: You can associate flow labels with each value tracked by the flow analysis to determine whether the flow contains potential vulnerabilities.

> -  :doc:`Customizing library models for JavaScript <customizing-library-models-for-javascript>`: You can model the libraries used in your code without making changes to the CodeQL standard library by specifying source, sink, and flow summaries in a data extension file.

Reviewer: Can we remove this for now since we don't want customization to be linked to publicly?

Reviewer: Can you revert this line? We can't be publicly linking to the new docs yet.
```suggestion
- :doc:`Specifying remote flow sources for JavaScript <specifying-additional-remote-flow-sources-for-javascript>`: You can model potential sources of untrusted user input in your code without making changes to the CodeQL standard library by specifying extra remote flow sources in an external file.
```
